(Docs) Clarify plan description (#1003)
puppetlabs/bolt: pre-docs/writing_tasks_and_plans.md

## Tasks

Tasks are single actions that you run on target machines in your infrastructure. You use tasks to make as-needed changes to remote systems. You can write tasks in any programming language that can run on the target nodes, such as Bash, Python, or Ruby. Tasks are packaged within modules, so you can reuse, download, and share tasks on the Forge. Task metadata describes the task, validates input, and controls how the task runner executes the task.

## Plans

> Plans run a list of steps in order across multiple nodes. This allows you to tie commands, scripts, and tasks together, and add parameters to them so they are easy to reuse. You can write plans in the Puppet language or YAML. And like tasks, plans are packaged in modules and can be shared on the Forge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plans run a list of Bolt actions in order across multiple nodes. They can compute inputs to an action and process the outputs of execution. This allows you to tie commands, scripts, tasks, plans, and other actions together. You can write plans in the Puppet language or YAML. Like tasks, plans have parameters and are packaged in modules and can be shared on the Forge.
```

Author: @lucywyman I've made these adjustments, thanks!
